# Stock Oracle Elevator Pitch

Hey, I have had an idea and I think a brand new open source and closed beta is (in combination with other bleeding edge sota ai) perfect for this rather large task. Here is my elevator pitch: AI is on a near vertical trajectory and is predicted by giant ai minds like Ilya, Gawdat, and even the great Kurzweil to continue at this blistering pace for the next 4-5 years. And as Ilya said in 2016, to grow, AI simply needs more compute…

So, the whole world sets their focus on the big AI SOTA companies, watching and investing, probably minute by minute globally. But not me and here is my pitch: spoons. Lights. Racks. Cement, paper clips, cctv. HVAC. That's what I want to watch. In the gold rush, it was called the "picks and shovels" phenomenon. That's the premise.

So what does "more compute need? Space. That's the need.

Now, as I mentioned earlier, all of the big AI companies are expanding and that's what the bell curve of the public are focusing on. But the market is 3 x this. How? Why? Because there are 2 industries whose expansion/growth curve will closely match ai (publicly) and they are power and water. All 3 of these interwoven industries have to house, power and cool all of this new compute. 

That's the market size.

So back to the spoons and the server racks, the "picks and shovels" of this "AI rush" so to speak. I want to grab any and all info from a wealth of APIs, RSS, local news, rumours, word on the street, X, Reddit, industry publications, absolutely any and everywhere looking at triggers for targets to validate based on news, NLP magic to grab credible rumours, RFQ/RFP, Employment hikes or job vacancies out of the norm, contract tenders for all of those under the radar companies that provide the office tables, the roofing, the fiber, the glass for the windows, the keycard systems, you get it, all of the pieces that have to be bought in order to build the infrastructure of these 3 AI & AI Support Services. Penny share, private, pre ipo, focusing on the smaller up and coming that are triggered by our logic to be analyzed further based on our persistent and invasive relentless research. And when one does "pop up", that growth curve that the 3 industries will have, we see if the company is growing at the same pace. Wether directly, indirectly or a sub contractor of a sub contractor doesn't matter if the "word in the grapevine" then has a correlation in growth, there is a strong possibility they are good stocks to watch. 

So, grapevine, matching(of course not exactly) growth curve of the 3 industries and finally if they have a contract, sub or sub sub (we don't care, the curve never lies) contract with AI, power, water or all 3 then it becomes a "stock to watch". 

This data will be in the form of:
1. - AI Stock Oracle" that public pay for -subscription maybe? 
2. - Access to this data via paid API like LexusNexus of AI Stock Trading Data. 

That's the path(s) to revenue. 

Ok, that's my idea. 
And the brand new AI that I think will be perfect at the head of our killer AI stack? Manus Ai.
